welcome to our bent review with
you Nikitos let's discuss this
the head is much better because at least
here less kakashi was killed
kept saying everything i said in
past review
how are you selfish scumbag if
think about yourself so god but she
died and died for a just cause and all
you can perfectly understand but this one
bathert he absolutely incomprehensible to me
because yes they were friends but they
did not meet they had no children
the child is still something just idiocy
all his hatred is built on such
subtleties that I do not believe that there can
cling and turn into such a villain
so well, very well, he pushed that
those who do not value their friends where
worse garbage but those who do not even value
memory of them is even worse garbage all the most
what strikes me further like me and
assumed 9 10 tail and it is not only
what a freak the further the more
ugly
does
posts reveals to incredible sizes
a flower comes out of her
the shot well just ugly and this
seemingly transformation yes it is not
transformation he just made a shot
and there says that transformation is another
step and he will revive all the same plan shikaku
goes further and either it's just shikamaru
I still thought up
in the mini walls to teach those suck him
technology and sakura says guys
Naruto for us is trying let's
let us protect and cure him though
We would do something and let us die but
we will try and that's great of course
they go ahead and the shot is so
serious is not just a tailbomb
this is a huge bomb and the end of course
cool that is for the whole plan for all
it would seem positive and everything seems to be
it turns out they really aren't
manage and if not for the 4 Hokage
a shot would have destroyed them but the most
interesting thing to remember when minato
defended the village and when the nine-tailed in
he was shot by dominator
pretty hard i would say
ferried bomb caudate here even
bluntly said such chakra volume and everything
It is yes, and it was the night of his murder and
then he was reborn and his strength should not
was to grow in theory if only in it
there is no dark forest chakra when we are up
the end can not say that she
still in it now but i want i
would like to believe and he copes with this
technique he completely transferred
this huge shot is very very
spectacularly and cool and I knew I appeared
that's great what appeared exactly minato
first exactly so it was cool
they all done at once know that there
as usual, the technology is still all worth it
so here once, once again, once friend with
another great and in the next chapter gave
should everyone else catch up
surely zdarova zdarova zdarova very
cool
that's what I would like to add
naruto is not at all surprised that minato
I arrived I think that everything is clear naruto
should have felt him even
when at the moment of resurrection so the people
and waited for him and it's great that she him
and waited for the phrase that
so that was not this shit know
so here it is the tearing here
I don’t need it anymore
late so kind so cool calm
father and everything is fine fava are you just
I ’m waiting for the next chapter on time
I will not wait with you was Nikitos yet